docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-hosting-overview/user-management/existing-users.md, before:

# Existing Users After Import
When you import an existing site into WordPress Hosting, your WordPress users will not initially be able to log in. To maintain your users’ ability to log in, you have two options.

## Option 1

Simply delete all existing WordPress users and create Business Center users for each person who you would like to access the site.  The first time they go to the WordPress Dashboard, a WordPress users with Administrator access will be created using their email.

## Option 2

Create a Business Center user for each of your existing WordPress users. Existing WordPress users will need a Business Center user created with **the same email** to be able to log in.

*   Note: **Emails must be the same**. For example, if Bob is a WordPress user with the email robert@email.com, the Business Center user that gets created for Bob must use robert@email.com and not bob@email.com.  If you create a Business Center user for Bob with the email bob@email.com, a new WordPress user will be created for Bob with bob@email.com and Bob will now have two WordPress users.

Commit message:

Improve formatting of user management documentation
- Add proper frontmatter to all user management pages
- Restructure content for better readability and scannability
- Convert blockquotes to proper Docusaurus admonitions (info, warning, tip)
- Improve organization with clearer headings and sections
- Add numbered steps for better clarity
- Ensure consistent terminology (Business App)
- Format callouts properly using Docusaurus admonition syntax

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-hosting-overview/user-management/existing-users.md, after:

---
title: "Existing Users After Import"
sidebar_label: "Existing Users"
description: "Learn how to handle existing WordPress users after importing a site into WordPress Hosting. Two options for maintaining user access."
---

# Existing Users After Import

When you import an existing site into WordPress Hosting, your WordPress users will not initially be able to log in. To maintain your users' ability to log in, you have two options:

## Option 1: Delete and Recreate Users

1. Delete all existing WordPress users
2. Create Business App users for each person who needs access to the site
3. The first time they access the WordPress Dashboard, a WordPress user with Administrator access will be automatically created using their email address

## Option 2: Match Existing Users

Create a Business App user for each of your existing WordPress users with **the same email address**. Existing WordPress users will need a Business App user created with the matching email to be able to log in.

:::info
Email addresses must match exactly between WordPress and Business App users. For example, if Bob is a WordPress user with the email `robert@email.com`, the Business App user must also use `robert@email.com`, not `bob@email.com`. If the emails don't match, a new WordPress user will be created, resulting in duplicate users.
:::
