docusaurus/docs/business-app/home.mdx, before:

---
title: Home Overview
description: Configure and customize the Home page dashboard that your clients see when they log into Business App
sidebar_label: Home
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Home Overview

The Home page is your clients' main dashboard - the first thing they see when logging into Business App. It provides an at-a-glance view of business performance and quick access to key features.

## What Clients See

- **Key Metrics**: Performance data organized into Impressions, Engagement, and Leads
- **Recent Activity**: Live feed of messages, calls, and customer interactions  
- **Business Profile**: Quick access to location info and profile management
- **Products & Services**: Available offerings and store integration
- **Get Started Guide**: For new users who need setup assistance

## Partner Customization

Navigate to **Partner Center > Administration > Customize Business App > Pages > Home** to control:

- **Marketing Funnel**: Toggle key metrics display
- **Recent Activity**: Show/hide activity feed
- **Sales Summary**: Display ecommerce order summaries
- **Default Reporting Period**: Set timeframe for metrics

## Marketing Funnel

![Marketing Funnel](./home/img/marketing-funnel-image.jpg)

The Marketing Funnel displays key metrics from the Executive Report in three easy-to-understand categories, helping your clients see how their marketing efforts drive business results.

### How It Works

The Marketing Funnel organizes performance data into:

- **Impressions**: Views of online content (Google Business Profile views, social media reach)
- **Engagement**: Interactions with business content (website visits, reviews, calls)
- **Leads**: New prospects from multiple sources (phone calls, SMS, forms, automations)

This gives clients a clear view of their marketing performance without needing to dig into detailed reports.

## Invite Team Member

The **Invite Team Member** option allows Business App users to invite additional team members.

### How to Invite a Team Member

1. Log into **Business App**.  
2. From the **Home page**, select **Invite Team Member** on the top right of the page.  
3. Enter the first name, last name, and email address of the team member you want to invite.  
4. Click **Send Invite**.

The invited team member will receive an email with instructions to join and access the Business App account.

## Related

- [Get Started](./get-started.mdx) - Complete guide to Business App setup and features

Commit message:

docs: apply gray-label guidelines to Home page
Rewrite Home page documentation for business owners:
- Remove partner-specific language and Partner Center references
- Change "your clients" to "you" throughout
- Focus on business owner benefits and outcomes

docusaurus/docs/business-app/home.mdx, after:

---
title: Home Overview
description: Your Home page dashboard - the first thing you see when you log into Business App
sidebar_label: Home
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Home Overview

The Home page is your main dashboard - the first thing you see when logging into Business App. It provides an at-a-glance view of your business performance and quick access to key features.

## What You'll See

- **Key Metrics**: Performance data organized into Impressions, Engagement, and Leads
- **Recent Activity**: Live feed of messages, calls, and customer interactions
- **Business Profile**: Quick access to your location info and profile management
- **Products & Services**: Available offerings and store integration
- **Get Started Guide**: Setup assistance if you're new to Business App

## Marketing Funnel

![Marketing Funnel](./home/img/marketing-funnel-image.jpg)

The Marketing Funnel displays key metrics in three easy-to-understand categories, helping you see how your marketing efforts drive business results.

### How It Works

The Marketing Funnel organizes performance data into:

- **Impressions**: Views of your online content (Google Business Profile views, social media reach)
- **Engagement**: Interactions with your business content (website visits, reviews, calls)
- **Leads**: New prospects from multiple sources (phone calls, SMS, forms, automations)

This gives you a clear view of your marketing performance without needing to dig into detailed reports.

## Invite Team Member

You can invite additional team members to access your Business App account.

### How to Invite a Team Member

1. Log into **Business App**.
2. From the **Home page**, select **Invite Team Member** on the top right of the page.
3. Enter the first name, last name, and email address of the team member you want to invite.
4. Click **Send Invite**.

The invited team member will receive an email with instructions to join and access the Business App account.

## Related

- [Get Started](./getting-started-with-business-app.md) - Complete guide to Business App setup and features
