docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/ai/get-started-with-elementor-ai.md, before:

---
title: "Get Started with Elementor AI"
sidebar_label: "Elementor AI"
description: "Elementor AI is a powerful tool integrated into the Elementor page builder, enabling users to generate text, code using artificial intelligence. This guide wi"
---

Elementor AI is a powerful tool integrated into the Elementor page builder, enabling users to generate text, code using artificial intelligence. This guide will walk you through how to use Elementor AI effectively within your WordPress dashboard.

### Step 1: Ensure You Have Elementor Installed

Before using Elementor AI, make sure that Elementor is installed and activated on your WordPress site. If you haven't installed it yet:

1.  Navigate to **Plugins > Add New** in your WordPress dashboard.
    
2.  Search for **Elementor**.
    
3.  Click **Install Now** and then **Activate**.
    

![Install & Activate Elementor Core » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-ec24a2877f.png)

### Step 2: Enable Elementor AI

Elementor AI is available within the Elementor editor. To enable it:

1.  Open any page or post using Elementor.
    
2.  Click on any **Text Editor** widget.
    
3.  In the text editing panel, locate the **AI icon**.
    
4.  If prompted, activate Elementor AI by following the on-screen instructions.
    

![Write Text Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-2032741ef0.jpeg)

![Generate Text In Gutenberg Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-a8910374cd.png)

### **Step 3: Generate AI-Powered Content**

Once Elementor AI is enabled, you can start using it to create content effortlessly:

**Generating Text Content**

1.  Click on the **AI icon** in the text editor.
    
2.  Enter a prompt, such as "Generate a product description for a fitness tracker."
    
3.  Elementor AI will provide a text output based on your input.
    
4.  Click **Insert** to add the content to your page.
    

![Write Text Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-35544216c2.jpeg)

**Editing and Refining Content**

Elementor AI allows you to refine generated content by providing suggestions. You can:

*   Improve grammar and readability.
    
*   Rewrite content in a different tone.
    
*   Translate text into multiple languages.
    

### Step 4: Using AI for Code Generation

Elementor AI can also generate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code. To use this feature:

1.  Open the **Custom HTML or CSS editor** in an Elementor widget.
    
2.  Click the **AI icon**.
    
3.  Describe the code you need (e.g., "Create a CSS animation for a button hover effect.")
    
4.  Insert and tweak the generated code as needed.
    

_![Add Custom CSS Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-9d49124451.jpeg)_

### Step 5: Save and Publish Your Work

Once you’re satisfied with the content:

1.  Click **Update** to save changes.
    
2.  Click **Preview** to see how it looks on your site.
    
3.  If everything looks good, click **Publish**.

Commit message:

Gray-label WordPress Hosting documentation
- Remove all references to Vendasta, Partner Center, partners, resellers, and agencies
- Rewrite partner-focused content to be business-owner focused
- Change 'your clients'/'your customers' to 'you'/'your business' where appropriate
- Update descriptions and instructions to address business owners directly
- Remove partner-specific features and selling tools
- Ensure all visible text follows gray-label guidelines

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/ai/get-started-with-elementor-ai.md, after:

---
title: "Get Started with Elementor AI"
sidebar_label: "Elementor AI"
description: "Elementor AI is a powerful tool integrated into the Elementor page builder, enabling users to generate text, code using artificial intelligence. This guide wi"
---

AI integration is transforming WordPress, offering powerful tools for content creation, SEO optimization, and customer support. Several plugins and tools are now AI-powered, making it easier than ever to create high-quality websites with minimal effort.

**AI Tools for Content**: WordPress supports AI-driven content tools that assist with writing, editing, and optimizing posts, enabling website owners to create professional content quickly.

**Chatbots and Customer Support**: AI-powered chatbots are becoming essential features, enabling real-time customer interaction, lead generation, and support ticket management.

Elementor AI is one such powerful tool integrated into the Elementor page builder, enabling users to generate text and code using artificial intelligence. This guide will walk you through how to use Elementor AI effectively within your WordPress dashboard.

## Getting Started with Elementor AI

### Step 1: Ensure You Have Elementor Installed

Before using Elementor AI, make sure that Elementor is installed and activated on your WordPress site. If you haven't installed it yet:

1.  Navigate to **Plugins > Add New** in your WordPress dashboard.
    
2.  Search for **Elementor**.
    
3.  Click **Install Now** and then **Activate**.
    

![Install & Activate Elementor Core » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-ec24a2877f.png)

### Step 2: Enable Elementor AI

Elementor AI is available within the Elementor editor. To enable it:

1.  Open any page or post using Elementor.
    
2.  Click on any **Text Editor** widget.
    
3.  In the text editing panel, locate the **AI icon**.
    
4.  If prompted, activate Elementor AI by following the on-screen instructions.
    

![Write Text Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-2032741ef0.jpeg)

![Generate Text In Gutenberg Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-a8910374cd.png)

### **Step 3: Generate AI-Powered Content**

Once Elementor AI is enabled, you can start using it to create content effortlessly:

**Generating Text Content**

1.  Click on the **AI icon** in the text editor.
    
2.  Enter a prompt, such as "Generate a product description for a fitness tracker."
    
3.  Elementor AI will provide a text output based on your input.
    
4.  Click **Insert** to add the content to your page.
    

![Write Text Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-35544216c2.jpeg)

**Editing and Refining Content**

Elementor AI allows you to refine generated content by providing suggestions. You can:

*   Improve grammar and readability.
    
*   Rewrite content in a different tone.
    
*   Translate text into multiple languages.
    

### Step 4: Using AI for Code Generation

Elementor AI can also generate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code. To use this feature:

1.  Open the **Custom HTML or CSS editor** in an Elementor widget.
    
2.  Click the **AI icon**.
    
3.  Describe the code you need (e.g., "Create a CSS animation for a button hover effect.")
    
4.  Insert and tweak the generated code as needed.
    

_![Add Custom CSS Using Elementor AI » Elementor](../img/29625054388375-9d49124451.jpeg)_

### Step 5: Save and Publish Your Work

Once you’re satisfied with the content:

1.  Click **Update** to save changes.
    
2.  Click **Preview** to see how it looks on your site.
    
3.  If everything looks good, click **Publish**.
