docusaurus/docs/yesware/campaigns/index.mdx, before:

---
title: getting-started-with-campaigns
sidebar_label: Getting Started
description: Learn how to use Campaigns to create multi-touch, multi-channel outreach sequences directly from your inbox.
tags:
  - campaigns
  - email-automation
  - multi-touch-outreach
keywords:
  - campaigns
  - email-sequences
  - automated-emails
  - outreach
---

# Getting Started with Campaigns

## What is Campaigns?

Campaigns enables you to create multi-touch, multi-channel outreach sequences directly from your inbox. It's similar to a mail merge—but with more powerful options like phone calls, LinkedIn tasks, and automated or manual email touches.

Campaigns helps you and your team stay compliant with messaging guidelines while scaling your outreach efficiently. Whether you're prospecting, following up, or re-engaging leads, Campaigns keeps you focused and organized by delivering a prioritized, always-up-to-date to-do list of your next steps, without leaving your inbox.

## Why is this important?

Campaigns allows you to automate and systematize your outreach while maintaining personalization and control. Instead of manually tracking follow-ups and next steps, Campaigns provides a structured workflow that ensures no lead falls through the cracks. This helps you:

- Stay organized with multi-step outreach sequences
- Maintain consistency across your prospecting efforts
- Scale your outreach without sacrificing personalization
- Track engagement and performance metrics in one place

## What's included?

Campaigns can be tailored to match your workflow by:

- Channel (email, call, LinkedIn task, etc.)
- Touch frequency and spacing
- Degree of automation (manual or automated)

For example, you might create a Campaign with:

- An initial automated email
- A LinkedIn connection request two days later
- A phone call reminder on the fifth day

### Platform Differences

**Gmail Users:** Campaigns are built and managed directly from the Gmail interface via the add-on.

**Outlook Users:** Campaigns are accessed via the Add-ins section in your Outlook ribbon, and open in a standalone window for full functionality.

### Campaign Recipient Limits

Your subscription plan determines how many recipients you can add to campaigns each calendar month.

This monthly limit applies across all campaigns. For example, you could use 50% of your recipient allowance by sending Campaign A in the first week, and the remaining 50% with Campaign B later in the month.

The limit resets on the first day of each month.

**Plan Limits:**

- Premium and Enterprise plans: 900 recipients per upload, 5,000 recipients per campaign
- Pro Plan: 20 recipients/month
- Free Plan: 10 recipients/month
- Trial accounts: 500 recipients for the duration of the trial

### Campaign Status Definitions

Within a Campaign, there are six possible recipient status types. Here's what each one means:

**Active:** The recipient was successfully added to the Campaign and is scheduled to receive future Touches.

**Connected:** The recipient was automatically removed from the Campaign due to an email reply, picking up a phone call touch, or booking a meeting through Meeting Scheduler. This automatic removal happens only if:

- The `Remove recipients after connection` option was selected when creating the Campaign, and
- (For emails) the recipient replies from the same email address used in the Campaign. *(In Outlook, this applies specifically to automated emails.)*

**Completed:** The recipient received all of the Touches within the Campaign and was not manually removed or removed through a connection. They will not receive any further communication.

**Manually Removed:** You manually selected and removed this recipient. Only recipients with a status of "Active" or "Needs Rescheduling" can be manually removed.

**Bounced:** The recipient was added to the Campaign, but the email was not deliverable to their address. Bounced recipients are automatically removed from the Campaign.

**Needs Rescheduling:** An automatic Out of Office reply was received, and the recipient was paused mid-Campaign. Future Touches are on hold and need to be rescheduled within the `Recipients` tab of the Campaign.

## How to get started with Campaigns

### Step 1: Plan your campaign strategy

Before creating a Campaign, consider:

- What is your goal? (prospecting, follow-up, re-engagement)
- How many touches do you need?
- What channels will you use? (email, phone, LinkedIn)
- Will touches be automated or manual?

There is no limit to the number of touches you can include in a Campaign, and you can mix and match your touch types in any way that you see fit. However, limiting your Campaigns to somewhere between 5 to 10 touches is recommended.

### Step 2: Create your campaign

Navigate to the Campaigns section and create a new campaign. You'll define:

- Campaign name and settings
- Touch types and content
- Timing between touches
- Whether to remove recipients after connection

### Step 3: Add recipients

Once your campaign is created, you can add recipients using various methods:

- Upload a CSV file
- Manually type recipients into the recipient table
- Import from Salesforce (Enterprise plans only)
- *(Gmail only)* Use the `Add to Campaigns` option from an email thread

For detailed instructions on adding and managing recipients, see the [Managing Active Campaigns](managing-active-campaigns.mdx) article.

### Step 4: Personalize your outreach

Use merge fields, personalization columns, and the Preview & Personalize feature to customize messages for individual recipients. For detailed instructions, see the [Creating Campaigns](creating-campaigns.mdx) article.

### Step 5: Launch and monitor

Once your recipients are added and your content is personalized, launch your campaign. Monitor performance through the Campaigns dashboard to track open rates, click rates, connect rates, and meetings booked.

## Frequently Asked Questions


<details>
<summary>Is there a way to stagger emails within a campaign?</summary>

Campaigns sends emails about 10-15 seconds apart when you send to a list of recipients. At this time, there is no way to alter this cadence.

While it's a little more time-consuming, breaking up a large list into a few smaller ones and setting different send times for each batch when you add them to Campaigns is typically recommended.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How are monthly campaign recipient limits calculated?</summary>

Your subscription plan determines how many recipients you can add to campaigns each calendar month. This monthly limit applies across all campaigns. For example, you could use 50% of your recipient allowance by sending Campaign A in the first week, and the remaining 50% with Campaign B later in the month. The limit resets on the first day of each month.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I add a recipient to more than one campaign?</summary>

Currently, there is no ability to add the same email address onto more than one campaign at a time. If you would like to include a user on another campaign, you will need to manually remove them from the current campaign they are on, and move them to the new, desired campaign.

To manually move a recipient to a new campaign: Click into the campaign > `Recipients` tab > check the box next to their email address > `Move To` button at the top of the page and select the new campaign.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What happens when I connect with a recipient on a campaign?</summary>

By default, recipients are removed from a Campaign when they "connect" with you, meaning that they will not receive any subsequent touches in the Campaign if there are any. A "connect" means that they replied to your email, you spoke to them on the phone as a result of a phone call touch, or they booked a meeting with your Meeting Scheduler link.

When creating a Campaign, you can choose whether or not you want to `Remove recipients after connection`. If you'd like to keep a recipient in a Campaign regardless of whether or not they reply to an email, you speak to them on the phone, or they book a meeting, simply un-check the `Remove recipients after connection` box in the `Settings` section of the Campaign.

</details>

Commit message:

Update Yesware campaign documentation to clarify email delivery process
- Added sections explaining that Yesware hands off emails to email providers (Gmail/Outlook) for delivery
- Changed terminology from 'specific send time' to 'time window' throughout
- Clarified that delivery may be delayed due to server load, campaign size, or provider throttling
- Updated FAQs to better manage customer expectations about email delivery timing
- Enhanced pause/resume documentation to reflect the handoff process

These changes address ongoing confusion regarding campaign send times and help users understand that Yesware queues emails for delivery during time windows rather than at exact moments.

docusaurus/docs/yesware/campaigns/index.mdx, after:

---
title: getting-started-with-campaigns
sidebar_label: Getting Started
description: Learn how to use Campaigns to create multi-touch, multi-channel outreach sequences directly from your inbox.
tags:
  - campaigns
  - email-automation
  - multi-touch-outreach
keywords:
  - campaigns
  - email-sequences
  - automated-emails
  - outreach
---

# Getting Started with Campaigns

## What is Campaigns?

Campaigns enables you to create multi-touch, multi-channel outreach sequences directly from your inbox. It's similar to a mail merge—but with more powerful options like phone calls, LinkedIn tasks, and automated or manual email touches.

Campaigns helps you and your team stay compliant with messaging guidelines while scaling your outreach efficiently. Whether you're prospecting, following up, or re-engaging leads, Campaigns keeps you focused and organized by delivering a prioritized, always-up-to-date to-do list of your next steps, without leaving your inbox.

## Why is this important?

Campaigns allows you to automate and systematize your outreach while maintaining personalization and control. Instead of manually tracking follow-ups and next steps, Campaigns provides a structured workflow that ensures no lead falls through the cracks. This helps you:

- Stay organized with multi-step outreach sequences
- Maintain consistency across your prospecting efforts
- Scale your outreach without sacrificing personalization
- Track engagement and performance metrics in one place

## What's included?

Campaigns can be tailored to match your workflow by:

- Channel (email, call, LinkedIn task, etc.)
- Touch frequency and spacing
- Degree of automation (manual or automated)

For example, you might create a Campaign with:

- An initial automated email
- A LinkedIn connection request two days later
- A phone call reminder on the fifth day

### Platform Differences

**Gmail Users:** Campaigns are built and managed directly from the Gmail interface via the add-on.

**Outlook Users:** Campaigns are accessed via the Add-ins section in your Outlook ribbon, and open in a standalone window for full functionality.

### Campaign Recipient Limits

Your subscription plan determines how many recipients you can add to campaigns each calendar month.

This monthly limit applies across all campaigns. For example, you could use 50% of your recipient allowance by sending Campaign A in the first week, and the remaining 50% with Campaign B later in the month.

The limit resets on the first day of each month.

**Plan Limits:**

- Premium and Enterprise plans: 900 recipients per upload, 5,000 recipients per campaign
- Pro Plan: 20 recipients/month
- Free Plan: 10 recipients/month
- Trial accounts: 500 recipients for the duration of the trial

### Understanding Email Delivery in Campaigns

When you schedule automated emails in a campaign, it's important to understand how delivery works:

**Yesware hands off emails to your email provider:** Yesware doesn't send emails directly. Instead, when you schedule a campaign, Yesware queues the emails and hands them off to your email provider (Gmail or Outlook) for actual delivery.

**Expect time windows, not exact times:** Emails are delivered during a time window rather than at a precise moment. The actual send time can vary based on:

- Your email provider's server load and availability
- The size of your campaign (larger campaigns may take longer to process)
- Email sending limits and throttling applied by your provider

This handoff approach helps ensure better deliverability and prevents your emails from being flagged as spam.

### Campaign Status Definitions

Within a Campaign, there are six possible recipient status types. Here's what each one means:

**Active:** The recipient was successfully added to the Campaign and is scheduled to receive future Touches.

**Connected:** The recipient was automatically removed from the Campaign due to an email reply, picking up a phone call touch, or booking a meeting through Meeting Scheduler. This automatic removal happens only if:

- The `Remove recipients after connection` option was selected when creating the Campaign, and
- (For emails) the recipient replies from the same email address used in the Campaign. *(In Outlook, this applies specifically to automated emails.)*

**Completed:** The recipient received all of the Touches within the Campaign and was not manually removed or removed through a connection. They will not receive any further communication.

**Manually Removed:** You manually selected and removed this recipient. Only recipients with a status of "Active" or "Needs Rescheduling" can be manually removed.

**Bounced:** The recipient was added to the Campaign, but the email was not deliverable to their address. Bounced recipients are automatically removed from the Campaign.

**Needs Rescheduling:** An automatic Out of Office reply was received, and the recipient was paused mid-Campaign. Future Touches are on hold and need to be rescheduled within the `Recipients` tab of the Campaign.

## How to get started with Campaigns

### Step 1: Plan your campaign strategy

Before creating a Campaign, consider:

- What is your goal? (prospecting, follow-up, re-engagement)
- How many touches do you need?
- What channels will you use? (email, phone, LinkedIn)
- Will touches be automated or manual?

There is no limit to the number of touches you can include in a Campaign, and you can mix and match your touch types in any way that you see fit. However, limiting your Campaigns to somewhere between 5 to 10 touches is recommended.

### Step 2: Create your campaign

Navigate to the Campaigns section and create a new campaign. You'll define:

- Campaign name and settings
- Touch types and content
- Timing between touches
- Whether to remove recipients after connection

### Step 3: Add recipients

Once your campaign is created, you can add recipients using various methods:

- Upload a CSV file
- Manually type recipients into the recipient table
- Import from Salesforce (Enterprise plans only)
- *(Gmail only)* Use the `Add to Campaigns` option from an email thread

For detailed instructions on adding and managing recipients, see the [Managing Active Campaigns](managing-active-campaigns.mdx) article.

### Step 4: Personalize your outreach

Use merge fields, personalization columns, and the Preview & Personalize feature to customize messages for individual recipients. For detailed instructions, see the [Creating Campaigns](creating-campaigns.mdx) article.

### Step 5: Launch and monitor

Once your recipients are added and your content is personalized, launch your campaign. Monitor performance through the Campaigns dashboard to track open rates, click rates, connect rates, and meetings booked.

## Frequently Asked Questions


<details>
<summary>Is there a way to stagger emails within a campaign?</summary>

Campaign emails are queued and handed off to your email provider (Gmail or Outlook) for delivery. The emails are typically processed about 10-15 seconds apart when sending to a list of recipients.

**Important to note:** Yesware doesn't directly send the emails. Instead, it hands them off to your email provider for delivery during the scheduled time window. Because of this:

- Actual delivery times may vary based on email server availability and load
- Larger campaigns may take longer to process completely
- Delays can occur during high-traffic periods

While it's a little more time-consuming, breaking up a large list into a few smaller ones and setting different send time windows for each batch when you add them to Campaigns is typically recommended. This helps manage expectations and provides better control over the delivery flow.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How are monthly campaign recipient limits calculated?</summary>

Your subscription plan determines how many recipients you can add to campaigns each calendar month. This monthly limit applies across all campaigns. For example, you could use 50% of your recipient allowance by sending Campaign A in the first week, and the remaining 50% with Campaign B later in the month. The limit resets on the first day of each month.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I add a recipient to more than one campaign?</summary>

Currently, there is no ability to add the same email address onto more than one campaign at a time. If you would like to include a user on another campaign, you will need to manually remove them from the current campaign they are on, and move them to the new, desired campaign.

To manually move a recipient to a new campaign: Click into the campaign > `Recipients` tab > check the box next to their email address > `Move To` button at the top of the page and select the new campaign.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What happens when I connect with a recipient on a campaign?</summary>

By default, recipients are removed from a Campaign when they "connect" with you, meaning that they will not receive any subsequent touches in the Campaign if there are any. A "connect" means that they replied to your email, you spoke to them on the phone as a result of a phone call touch, or they booked a meeting with your Meeting Scheduler link.

When creating a Campaign, you can choose whether or not you want to `Remove recipients after connection`. If you'd like to keep a recipient in a Campaign regardless of whether or not they reply to an email, you speak to them on the phone, or they book a meeting, simply un-check the `Remove recipients after connection` box in the `Settings` section of the Campaign.

</details>
