docusaurus/docs/reputation-management/reviews/respond-to-reviews.mdx, before:

---
title: Respond to reviews in Reputation Management
description: Learn how to respond to customer reviews in Reputation Management
---

# Respond to reviews in Reputation Management

To respond to reviews in Reputation Management, navigate to **Reviews** > **Manage Reviews.**

You can respond directly to Google, Facebook, and My Listing reviews from this page. The Google and Facebook accounts must be connected in Reputation Management to respond. Connect these accounts by going to **Settings** > **Connect Accounts** > click on **+** to connect Account.

To respond to a Google, Facebook, or My Listing review, type your response in the text field. Alternatively, choose from one of the review response suggestions to automatically populate a response in the text field.
**Note:** All review response suggestions can be edited within the text field.

Click **Respond** to post your response automatically to the site.

![Respond to reviews in Reputation Management](./img/respond-to-reviews-1.jpg)

If the account is not connected, you'll be directed to **Connect Account** before you can proceed to click **Respond**.

For all other review sites, such as Yelp or TripAdvisor, click **Respond** and you will be taken to the site where you can respond to the review.

![Respond to reviews on external sites](./img/respond-to-reviews-2.jpg)

## Responding to Positive Reviews

For positive reviews, thank them for their praise, and invite them to come back. You can let them know about upcoming promotions that they might be interested in. You can use your business name in the response to increase your SEO. Remember, positive reviews also make great social posts! If you have Social Marketing connected to the account, click the **Share** icon to share the review on your social networks.

## Responding to Negative Reviews

Negative reviews should also be personalized to the content of the review. You want them to know that you are listening to their concerns. Make sure to apologize for the experience, and invite the reviewer to resolve the issue offline. It's always better to deal with their issues privately.

## Unable to respond to Google Review

You may encounter an error message when attempting to respond to a Google review. This is usually caused by the review being removed from Google shortly after it is pulled into Reputation Management.

*Note: We attempted to include an image here, but the image could not be retrieved from the external source.*

## FAQs

<details>
<summary>Which sources pull into Reputation Management?</summary>

**Major Platforms with Direct Connection:**
- Google (direct connection available)
- Facebook (direct connection available)

**Other Major Review Sources:**
Google, Facebook, TripAdvisor, BBB, Booking.com, Expedia, Trustpilot, Yelp, A Place for Mom, Angi (Angie's List), Apartment Guide, Apartment Ratings, Apartments.com, Avvo, Carfax, Cargurus, Caring.com, Cars.com, CitySearch, DealerRater, Doctor.com, Edmunds, Grubhub, Healthgrades, Hello Peter, Holidaycheck.de, Hotels.com, Houzz, Insider Pages, Leafly, Merchant Circle, MySask411, OpenTable, RateMDs, Redfin, SeniorAdvisor, Superpages, SureCritic, TrueLocal, Vitals, Weedmaps, Wellness.com . . . and many more!
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I respond to all review resources directly in the product?</summary>

You can respond to Facebook and Google reviews directly within our user-friendly interface, making it quick and straightforward. For other review sources, we've designed a convenient process. You can effortlessly draft your responses within the Reputation Management Product. Once you're satisfied with your message, a simple click takes you to the source platform, where you can easily copy and paste your prepped response.
</details>

<details>
<summary>How long does it take for Google and Facebook reviews to appear in Reputation Management?</summary>

Once Facebook and Google Business Profile accounts are connected, reviews (including historical reviews) from these sources will pull in almost immediately. After this, Reputation Management scrapes for reviews once per 24-hour period.
</details>

Commit message:

Add review sync timing documentation to Reputation Management
- Added comprehensive section explaining how long reviews take to appear
- Covered monitored vs connected review sources
- Detailed timing for Google Business Profile (2 hours when connected)
- Detailed timing for Facebook Pages (10 minutes when connected)
- Explained immediate appearance for My Listing reviews
- Clarified 24-hour sync timing for non-connected sources

docusaurus/docs/reputation-management/reviews/respond-to-reviews.mdx, after:

---
title: Respond to reviews in Reputation Management
description: Learn how to respond to customer reviews in Reputation Management
---

# Respond to reviews in Reputation Management

To respond to reviews in Reputation Management, navigate to **Reviews** > **Manage Reviews.**

You can respond directly to Google, Facebook, and My Listing reviews from this page. The Google and Facebook accounts must be connected in Reputation Management to respond. Connect these accounts by going to **Settings** > **Connect Accounts** > click on **+** to connect Account.

To respond to a Google, Facebook, or My Listing review, type your response in the text field. Alternatively, choose from one of the review response suggestions to automatically populate a response in the text field.
**Note:** All review response suggestions can be edited within the text field.

Click **Respond** to post your response automatically to the site.

![Respond to reviews in Reputation Management](./img/respond-to-reviews-1.jpg)

If the account is not connected, you'll be directed to **Connect Account** before you can proceed to click **Respond**.

For all other review sites, such as Yelp or TripAdvisor, click **Respond** and you will be taken to the site where you can respond to the review.

![Respond to reviews on external sites](./img/respond-to-reviews-2.jpg)

## Responding to Positive Reviews

For positive reviews, thank them for their praise, and invite them to come back. You can let them know about upcoming promotions that they might be interested in. You can use your business name in the response to increase your SEO. Remember, positive reviews also make great social posts! If you have Social Marketing connected to the account, click the **Share** icon to share the review on your social networks.

## Responding to Negative Reviews

Negative reviews should also be personalized to the content of the review. You want them to know that you are listening to their concerns. Make sure to apologize for the experience, and invite the reviewer to resolve the issue offline. It's always better to deal with their issues privately.

## Unable to respond to Google Review

You may encounter an error message when attempting to respond to a Google review. This is usually caused by the review being removed from Google shortly after it is pulled into Reputation Management.

*Note: We attempted to include an image here, but the image could not be retrieved from the external source.*

## How Long Does It Take for Reviews to Appear?

Review sync timing depends on whether the review source is monitored or directly connected through an API.

### Monitored Review Sources (Not Connected)

For review platforms like Google and Facebook that are not connected, the platform checks for new reviews and typically imports them within **24 hours** of being posted.

- These sources are polled regularly  
- There is no direct API connection

### Connected Review Sources (Direct Integrations)

Certain review sources offer faster syncing when connected through secure APIs:

#### Google Business Profile (Connected)

- Reviews usually sync within **2 hours** after posting  
- Timing depends on when Google releases new review data

#### Facebook Pages (Connected)

- Reviews and recommendations usually sync within **10 minutes**  
- Based on Facebook’s data release timing

### My Listing (Internal Review Source)

- Reviews submitted through My Listing appear **immediately**  
- Managed entirely within the platform and do not require syncing

## FAQs

<details>
<summary>Which sources pull into Reputation Management?</summary>

**Major Platforms with Direct Connection:**
- Google (direct connection available)
- Facebook (direct connection available)

**Other Major Review Sources:**
Google, Facebook, TripAdvisor, BBB, Booking.com, Expedia, Trustpilot, Yelp, A Place for Mom, Angi (Angie's List), Apartment Guide, Apartment Ratings, Apartments.com, Avvo, Carfax, Cargurus, Caring.com, Cars.com, CitySearch, DealerRater, Doctor.com, Edmunds, Grubhub, Healthgrades, Hello Peter, Holidaycheck.de, Hotels.com, Houzz, Insider Pages, Leafly, Merchant Circle, MySask411, OpenTable, RateMDs, Redfin, SeniorAdvisor, Superpages, SureCritic, TrueLocal, Vitals, Weedmaps, Wellness.com . . . and many more!
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I respond to all review resources directly in the product?</summary>

You can respond to Facebook and Google reviews directly within our user-friendly interface, making it quick and straightforward. For other review sources, we've designed a convenient process. You can effortlessly draft your responses within the Reputation Management Product. Once you're satisfied with your message, a simple click takes you to the source platform, where you can easily copy and paste your prepped response.
</details>
