docusaurus/docs/crm/contacts.md, before:

---
title: Contacts
sidebar_position: 2
description: Manage people you engage with. Import/export, organize, and take action on contacts across campaigns, tasks, and opportunities.
tags: [contacts, crm]
keywords: [crm contacts, import contacts, export contacts, contact fields, campaigns]
---

Use Contacts to manage the people you engage with. Create and update contact records, import and export in bulk, associate contacts with companies and opportunities, and take action with campaigns, lists, and tasks.

## Why use Contacts?

- Centralize people data for sales and marketing
- Keep profiles up to date with default and custom fields
- Start campaigns and automations from contact segments
- Track activity and tasks to move deals forward

## What’s Included with Contacts?

- **Contacts table and profile** for searching, filtering, and editing records
- **Import and export** to manage data at scale
- **Default fields** (name, email, phone, lifecycle, UTM, source, etc.) and support for custom fields
- **Associations** with companies, opportunities, tasks, and lists
- **Campaign actions** including scheduling, pausing, or resuming campaigns

## How to Use Contacts

### View and manage contacts

1. Go to `CRM` > `Contacts`.
2. Search, sort, and filter the table to find the right records.
3. Click a contact to open the profile and edit details, log activity, and manage tasks.

### Import contacts (and companies)

1. In `CRM` > `Contacts`, click `Import`.
2. Upload a CSV and map columns to contact/company fields.
3. Review, choose whether to update existing matches, and finish the import.

![CSV Upload](./img/contacts/csv-upload.jpg)
![Field Mapping](./img/contacts/field-mapping.jpg)

:::warning
Updating existing contacts during import will overwrite the mapped fields on matching records (by ID, external ID, or email). Export a backup first if you’re unsure.
:::

:::note
Each contact should include at least one of: first name, last name, email, or phone. Company name is required for any new company rows created during import.
:::

### Export contacts

1. In `CRM` > `Contacts`, select the checkbox at the top-left of the table.
2. Choose `Select all…` > `Export` to export the displayed rows as CSV.

![Export Contacts](./img/contacts/export-contacts.jpg)

:::info
Exports respect your current filters and the set of rows displayed.
:::

### Start, pause, or resume campaigns

1. Open a contact profile and go to the `Campaigns` section.
2. Use the action menu to schedule, pause, or resume campaigns for that contact.

![Three dots menu](./img/contacts/pause-resume-campaigns/three-dots-menu.jpg)
![Pause Campaigns option](./img/contacts/pause-resume-campaigns/pause-campaigns-option.jpg)

### Add contacts to lists or automations

1. From the Contacts table, select records and use actions to add them to a `List`.
2. Trigger or schedule automations for the selected list.

![Schedule Campaigns Step 2](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step2.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Step 3](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step3.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Step 4](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step4.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Time](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_time.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Custom Email](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_custom.jpg)

### Log activity and create tasks

1. On a contact profile, use the activity area to log notes, emails, calls, messages, and meetings.
2. Create tasks for follow-up and associate them with the contact (and related company or opportunity).

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

<details>
<summary>What file size can I import?</summary>

CSV imports up to 5 MB are supported. Depending on fields, this typically allows tens of thousands of contacts per import.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I import companies at the same time?</summary>

Yes. During import, map CSV columns to either contact or company fields. New companies will be created when needed.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I update existing contacts during import?</summary>

Yes. Choose to update matches by ID, external ID, or email when reviewing the import.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Where can I see import history and errors?</summary>

After an import completes, review the import summary in `CRM` > `Contacts` to see successes, failures, and error details for each row.
</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I assign an owner during import?</summary>

In the CSV, include an Owner Email column and map it during import. Matching is done against existing users; when a match is found, that user is set as the contact owner.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I automatically log emails?</summary>

Yes. Set up email auto-BCC and forwarding so sales emails are captured to the appropriate contact records.
</details>

Commit message:

add crm files; copied from partner center dogs

docusaurus/docs/crm/contacts.md, after:

---
title: Contacts
sidebar_position: 2
description: Manage people you engage with. Import/export, organize, and take action on contacts across campaigns, tasks, and opportunities.
tags: [contacts, crm]
keywords: [crm contacts, import contacts, export contacts, contact fields, campaigns]
---

Use Contacts to manage the people you engage with. Create and update contact records, import and export in bulk, associate contacts with companies and opportunities, and take action with campaigns, lists, and tasks.

## Why use Contacts?

- Centralize people data for sales and marketing
- Keep profiles up to date with default and custom fields
- Start campaigns and automations from contact segments
- Track activity and tasks to move deals forward

## What’s Included with Contacts?

- **Contacts table and profile** for searching, filtering, and editing records
- **Import and export** to manage data at scale
- **Default fields** (name, email, phone, lifecycle, UTM, source, etc.) and support for custom fields
- **Associations** with companies, opportunities, tasks, and lists
- **Campaign actions** including scheduling, pausing, or resuming campaigns

## How to Use Contacts

### View and manage contacts

1. Go to `CRM` > `Contacts`.
2. Search, sort, and filter the table to find the right records.
3. Click a contact to open the profile and edit details, log activity, and manage tasks.

### Import contacts (and companies)

1. In `CRM` > `Contacts`, click `Import`.
2. Upload a CSV and map columns to contact/company fields.
3. Review, choose whether to update existing matches, and finish the import.

![CSV Upload](./img/contacts/csv-upload.jpg)
![Field Mapping](./img/contacts/field-mapping.jpg)

:::warning
Updating existing contacts during import will overwrite the mapped fields on matching records (by ID, external ID, or email). Export a backup first if you’re unsure.
:::

:::note
Each contact should include at least one of: first name, last name, email, or phone. Company name is required for any new company rows created during import.
:::

### Export contacts

1. In `CRM` > `Contacts`, select the checkbox at the top-left of the table.
2. Choose `Select all…` > `Export` to export the displayed rows as CSV.

![Export Contacts](./img/contacts/export-contacts.jpg)

:::info
Exports respect your current filters and the set of rows displayed.
:::

### Start, pause, or resume campaigns

1. Open a contact profile and go to the `Campaigns` section.
2. Use the action menu to schedule, pause, or resume campaigns for that contact.

![Three dots menu](./img/contacts/pause-resume-campaigns/three-dots-menu.jpg)
![Pause Campaigns option](./img/contacts/pause-resume-campaigns/pause-campaigns-option.jpg)

### Add contacts to lists or automations

1. From the Contacts table, select records and use actions to add them to a `List`.
2. Trigger or schedule automations for the selected list.

![Schedule Campaigns Step 2](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step2.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Step 3](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step3.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Step 4](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_step4.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Time](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_time.jpg)
![Schedule Campaigns Custom Email](./img/crm-contacts/schedule_campaigns_custom.jpg)

### Log activity and create tasks

1. On a contact profile, use the activity area to log notes, emails, calls, messages, and meetings.
2. Create tasks for follow-up and associate them with the contact (and related company or opportunity).

### Upload files

1. On a contact profile, go to the `Files` section.
2. Click `Add a file` to upload documents, images, or other files.
3. View AI-generated summaries of uploaded content for better organization.

Learn more about [file uploads](./file-upload) and supported file types.

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

<details>
<summary>What file size can I import?</summary>

CSV imports up to 5 MB are supported. Depending on fields, this typically allows tens of thousands of contacts per import.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I import companies at the same time?</summary>

Yes. During import, map CSV columns to either contact or company fields. New companies will be created when needed.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I update existing contacts during import?</summary>

Yes. Choose to update matches by ID, external ID, or email when reviewing the import.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Where can I see import history and errors?</summary>

After an import completes, review the import summary in `CRM` > `Contacts` to see successes, failures, and error details for each row.
</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I assign an owner during import?</summary>

In the CSV, include an Owner Email column and map it during import. Matching is done against existing users; when a match is found, that user is set as the contact owner.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I automatically log emails?</summary>

Yes. Set up email auto-BCC and forwarding so sales emails are captured to the appropriate contact records.
</details>
