docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/templates/custom-website-templates.md, before:

---
title: "Custom Website Templates"
sidebar_label: "Custom Templates"
description: "What are custom templates? \n Partners offering the  WordPress Hosting  product have the ability to create custom templates to either offer to their customers o"
---

### What are custom templates?

Partners offering the WordPress Hosting product have the ability to create custom templates to either offer to their customers or to use as a quick way to spin up websites. These templates allow users to install plugins, themes, and pages that will be installed automatically when creating a new site.

### Why are custom templates important?

When creating websites, agencies often have to install the same set of plugins and themes. This manual overhead eats up time that could be better spent crafting the unique content of the website.

With templates, you can front-load that work. You will only need to set up the template once, and can then use that with each site you generate.

Additionally, users may want to create templates and offer them to their customers who will be using the product DIY.

### How do custom templates work?

**Note:** Partners have the ability to add up to 12 of their own templates. Should you wish to add more, you will need to first delete one of your existing templates.

1.  As a Partner Center admin, access WordPress Hosting from an account that has **not** completed its site setup.
    *   This can be done from **Partner Center > Accounts > Manage Accounts > Select account > WordPress Hosting.**
2.  Navigate to the **Templates** tab.
3.  Click **+Add New**.![](./img/4406957721879-9c75a6e9dd.png)
4.  Enter your template's name and domain.
5.  Click **Create Template**.

From here, create your template as though you were building a standard site. You may wish to include a theme, plugins, or pages that you commonly require.

Once you're satisfied with how your template looks, click **Save as Template**. Should you edit this template at a later time, click **Update Template** to overwrite the previous version.

*   *   To edit a previously created template, click **Edit Template** on that template's card.  
        ![screenshot-www.websitepro.hosting-2021.11.03-15_55_27.png](img/4406957721879-fc30407057.png)

Commit message:

Gray-label WordPress Hosting documentation
- Remove all references to Vendasta, Partner Center, partners, resellers, and agencies
- Rewrite partner-focused content to be business-owner focused
- Change 'your clients'/'your customers' to 'you'/'your business' where appropriate
- Update descriptions and instructions to address business owners directly
- Remove partner-specific features and selling tools
- Ensure all visible text follows gray-label guidelines

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/templates/custom-website-templates.md, after:

---
title: "Custom Website Templates"
sidebar_label: "Custom Templates"
description: "Learn how to create custom templates for your WordPress sites to streamline website creation and reuse your preferred configurations."
---

### What are custom templates?

Custom templates allow you to create reusable website starting points that include your preferred plugins, themes, and pages. These templates automatically install all configured elements when creating a new site, saving you time and ensuring consistency.

### Why are custom templates important?

When creating websites, you often need to install the same set of plugins and themes repeatedly. This manual work takes time that could be better spent crafting unique content for your website.

With templates, you can set up your preferred configuration once and reuse it for each new site you create, streamlining your website creation process.

### How do custom templates work?

**Note:** Partners have the ability to add up to 12 of their own templates. Should you wish to add more, you will need to first delete one of your existing templates.

1.  Access WordPress Hosting from an account that has **not** completed its site setup.
2.  Navigate to the **Templates** tab.
3.  Click **+Add New**.![](./img/4406957721879-9c75a6e9dd.png)
4.  Enter your template's name and domain.
5.  Click **Create Template**.

From here, create your template as though you were building a standard site. You may wish to include a theme, plugins, or pages that you commonly require.

Once you're satisfied with how your template looks, click **Save as Template**. Should you edit this template at a later time, click **Update Template** to overwrite the previous version.

*   *   To edit a previously created template, click **Edit Template** on that template's card.  
        ![screenshot-www.websitepro.hosting-2021.11.03-15_55_27.png](img/4406957721879-fc30407057.png)
