docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/templates/hide-pre-built-templates.md, before:

---
title: "Hide pre-built templates"
sidebar_label: "Hide Templates"
description: "To prevent your clients from accessing the pre-built templates included in the initial WordPress Hosting setup, follow these simple steps: Go to the Pro"
---

To prevent your clients from accessing the pre-built templates included in the initial WordPress Hosting setup, follow these simple steps:

1.  Go to the **Product Info** tab.
2.  Click on **Admin Tools**.
3.  Select **Product Settings**.

Within the **Product Settings** section, you'll see an option labeled **Show Included Templates**. Toggle this setting off to hide the default pre-built templates from your clients. Disabling this option ensures that clients will no longer see or have access to these templates.

**Here's an illustration of the setting in action:**

When the included Website templates are enabled:  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.02.02 AM.png](img/28760299656087-dfca0e567c.png)  
  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.02.56 AM.png](img/28760299656087-d2f0b2ec10.png)

When the included Website templates are disabled:  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.03.11 AM.png](img/28760299656087-cbbe6c030b.png)  
  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.03.40 AM.png](img/28760299656087-fd2d9dbf7a.png)

Commit message:

Gray-label WordPress Hosting documentation
- Remove all references to Vendasta, Partner Center, partners, resellers, and agencies
- Rewrite partner-focused content to be business-owner focused
- Change 'your clients'/'your customers' to 'you'/'your business' where appropriate
- Update descriptions and instructions to address business owners directly
- Remove partner-specific features and selling tools
- Ensure all visible text follows gray-label guidelines

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/templates/hide-pre-built-templates.md, after:

---
title: "Hide pre-built templates"
sidebar_label: "Hide Templates"
description: "Learn how to hide the pre-built templates included in WordPress Hosting so they won't appear when creating new sites."
---

To hide the pre-built templates included in the initial WordPress Hosting setup, follow these simple steps:

1.  Go to the **Product Info** tab.
2.  Click on **Admin Tools**.
3.  Select **Product Settings**.

Within the **Product Settings** section, you'll see an option labeled **Show Included Templates**. Toggle this setting off to hide the default pre-built templates. Disabling this option ensures that these templates will no longer be visible when creating new sites.

**Here's an illustration of the setting in action:**

When the included Website templates are enabled:  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.02.02 AM.png](img/28760299656087-dfca0e567c.png)  
  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.02.56 AM.png](img/28760299656087-d2f0b2ec10.png)

When the included Website templates are disabled:  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.03.11 AM.png](img/28760299656087-cbbe6c030b.png)  
  
![Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 10.03.40 AM.png](img/28760299656087-fd2d9dbf7a.png)
