---
title: Team Reporting
sidebar_position: 9
---

Team plan administrators can easily view and download report data from their Admin Reports dashboard - [https://app.calendarhero.com/org/reports](https://app.calendarhero.com/org/reports).

Reports can be generated by month, week, or day. Once you selected your time period click "View" to view the results in the dashboard, or "Download" to download a CSV.


---

The following scheduling-related activity is currently available:

Meetings Requested

  - The number of meetings a meeting creator has requested (via [web scheduler](/calendarhero/scheduling-meetings/how-do-i-schedule-meetings) or [chat](/calendarhero/how-to/how-to-schedule-a-meeting-via-chat)), during that time period. This includes both 1:1 and group meetings as well as rescheduled meetings. Requested meetings may or may not have been successfully scheduled. 

Meetings Scheduled (*)

  - The number of meetings a meeting creator has successfully scheduled (via web scheduler or chat,) during that time period. This includes both 1:1 and group meetings.

Meetings Rescheduled  (*)

  - The total number of meetings a meeting creator has successfully scheduled using any method, during that time period. This includes both 1:1 and group meetings.

Meetings Scheduled by Personal Link*

  - The number of meetings successfully scheduled by an invitee using any [personal scheduling link](/calendarhero/scheduling-meetings/how-to-use-a-personal-scheduling-link) belonging to a user during that time period. 

Meetings Cancelled

  - The total number of meetings a user cancelled during that time period. Meetings can be cancelled via [Tasks](/calendarhero/scheduling-meetings/how-to-manage-your-meetings-from-tasks) or chat.

Meeting Briefings (*)

  - The total number of [upcoming meeting briefings](/calendarhero/what-can-calendarhero-do/does-my-assistant-notify-me-of-upcoming-meetings) sent to a user during that time period.

Morning Briefings  (*)

  - The total number of morning briefings sent to a user during that time period.

People Insights Requested

  - The total number of [people insights](/calendarhero/how-does-calendarhero-work/how-does-the-people-insights-who-is-feature-work) a user requested during that time period.

Warm Introductions Requested

  - The total number of [chat-based introductions](/calendarhero/how-does-calendarhero-work/how-do-reminders-work) a user has requested during that time period.

Reminders Set

  - The total number of chat-based reminders a user has requested during that time period.

Hours Saved

  - CalendarHero automatically calculates each user's time savings based on software usage. In order to determine the time saved, CalendarHero automatically assigns a number of hours saved to the most common scheduling tasks. Team plan administrators can customize the values used to better align with the internal needs of their organization.  [Learn more](/calendarhero/setting-up-calendarhero/saving-calculations)

* (*) = Data for these actions are only available after March, 1st 2021.*
