docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/domains/merge-multiple-spf-records-into-a-single-record.md, before:

---
title: "Merge multiple SPF records into a single record"
sidebar_label: "Merge SPF Records"
description: "To merge the SPF values, simply include all the parts into one single record, without repeating any mechanisms. Here's how to merge the following example SPF"
---

To merge the SPF values, simply include all the parts into one single record, without repeating any mechanisms. Here's how to merge the following example SPF records for Outlook and MailerLite:

**v=spf1 a include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all**

**v=spf1 a mx include:\_spf.mlsend.com ~all**

**1\. The SPF record always begins with the version prefix:**

**v=spf1**

**2\. Both records contain an "a" mechanism and the MailerLite SPF record contains a "mx" mechanism, so include both in the new record:**

**v=spf1 a mx**

**3\. Then add both "include" mechanisms into the record, resulting in:**

**v=spf1 a mx include:spf.protection.outlook.com include:\_spf.mlsend.com**

4\. Lastly, we need to define how emails should be treated if they don't comply with the set rules. We do this by using the **all** mechanism. The last part has to be either **?all**, **\-all** or **~all**. It’s not possible to have more than one, so it is ultimately your choice which declaration of **all** your domains will use.

**The merged SPF record would look like this:**

_**v=spf1 a mx include:spf.protection.outlook.com include:\_spf.mlsend.com ~all**_

Commit message:

Improve formatting across WordPress Hosting documentation
- Format callouts properly using Docusaurus admonitions (info, warning, tip)
- Fix list formatting (remove blank lines between items)
- Improve SPF records documentation structure and formatting
- Convert blockquotes to proper callout boxes
- Ensure consistent formatting across analytics and domains sections

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/domains/merge-multiple-spf-records-into-a-single-record.md, after:

---
title: "Merge multiple SPF records into a single record"
sidebar_label: "Merge SPF Records"
description: "Learn how to merge multiple SPF records into a single record by combining all mechanisms without repeating any parts."
---

# Merge multiple SPF records into a single record

To merge SPF values, include all parts into one single record without repeating any mechanisms. Here's how to merge the following example SPF records for Outlook and MailerLite:

**Example SPF records:**

* `v=spf1 a include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all`
* `v=spf1 a mx include:_spf.mlsend.com ~all`

## Steps to merge SPF records

1. **The SPF record always begins with the version prefix:**

   ```
   v=spf1
   ```

2. **Both records contain an "a" mechanism and the MailerLite SPF record contains an "mx" mechanism, so include both in the new record:**

   ```
   v=spf1 a mx
   ```

3. **Then add both "include" mechanisms into the record:**

   ```
   v=spf1 a mx include:spf.protection.outlook.com include:_spf.mlsend.com
   ```

4. **Lastly, define how emails should be treated if they don't comply with the set rules.** Use the **all** mechanism. The last part must be either `?all`, `-all`, or `~all`. It's not possible to have more than one, so choose which declaration of **all** your domain will use.

## The merged SPF record

The merged SPF record would look like this:

```
v=spf1 a mx include:spf.protection.outlook.com include:_spf.mlsend.com ~all
```
