docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/overview/product-details---wordpress-hosting-pro.md, before:

---
title: "Product Details - WordPress Hosting Pro"
sidebar_label: "Product Details"
description: "Google-fast WordPress sites \n   \n  Hosting websites can be time-consuming, and stressful, and often requires the expertise of trained technical people. Moreove"
---

### Google-fast WordPress sites

# ![Website-Pro.png](img/4406958669591-bc828d686e.png)

Hosting websites can be time-consuming, and stressful, and often requires the expertise of trained technical people. Moreover, your clients expect their website to be reliable, easy to use, and come backed with top-notch security, speed, and storage. That's why you activated WordPress Hosting Pro-managed WordPress hosting!

WordPress Hosting Pro hosts your clients’ WordPress sites with the most trusted source on the internet— the Google Cloud Platform.  With WordPress Hosting Pro, your clients' WordPress sites will always utilize state-of-the-art infrastructure. This means their sites will be secure and protected, will be Google-fast, and will scale as their business grows. Plus, one login gives your clients access to their WordPress dashboard and built-in Google Analytics reporting! With WordPress Hosting Pro, your clients will get fast, secure, and robust WordPress sites for their business.

**Below are some tools to help you start selling:**

* * *

![WordPress Hosting Pro logo](img/4406958669591-df49e85001.png)

**Product Description**

Host your website on a platform that’s fast, secure, and easy to use—it’s all possible when you combine Google Cloud Platform with WordPress.

Don’t forget to use the WordPress Hosting Pro [recommended email campaign](https://partners.vendasta.com/superadmin/campaign/details/CAMPAIGN-4965937af7184c1ea368f6e5fb8fa12d) in Partner Center to start generating hot leads!

Commit message:

Gray-label WordPress Hosting documentation
- Remove all references to Vendasta, Partner Center, partners, resellers, and agencies
- Rewrite partner-focused content to be business-owner focused
- Change 'your clients'/'your customers' to 'you'/'your business' where appropriate
- Update descriptions and instructions to address business owners directly
- Remove partner-specific features and selling tools
- Ensure all visible text follows gray-label guidelines

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/overview/product-details---wordpress-hosting-pro.md, after:

---
title: "Product Details - WordPress Hosting Pro"
sidebar_label: "Product Details"
description: "Google-fast WordPress sites \n   \n  Hosting websites can be time-consuming, and stressful, and often requires the expertise of trained technical people. Moreove"
---

### Google-fast WordPress sites

# ![Website-Pro.png](img/4406958669591-bc828d686e.png)

Hosting websites can be time-consuming, stressful, and often requires technical expertise. WordPress Hosting Pro provides reliable, easy-to-use hosting backed with top-notch security, speed, and storage.

WordPress Hosting Pro hosts your WordPress site on Google Cloud Platform. Your WordPress site utilizes state-of-the-art infrastructure, ensuring it's secure and protected, fast, and scales as your business grows. Plus, one login gives you access to your WordPress dashboard and built-in Google Analytics reporting! With WordPress Hosting Pro, you get a fast, secure, and robust WordPress site for your business.



![WordPress Hosting Pro logo](img/4406958669591-df49e85001.png)

**Product Description**

Host your website on a platform that's fast, secure, and easy to use—it's all possible when you combine Google Cloud Platform with WordPress.
