docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/overview/real-time-performance-notifications.md, before:

---
title: "Real-time performance notifications"
sidebar_label: "Performance Notifications"
description: "Provide an excellent customer experience with real-time notifications on the status of your client websites, so you can quickly resolve issues and maintain e"
---

_Provide an excellent customer experience with real-time notifications on the status of your client websites, so you can quickly resolve issues and maintain exceptional performance._

### What are real-time performance notifications?

Channel Partners have the option for enhanced visibility into their client experiences by receiving notifications the moment there is a change in the status of their websites. 

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-12_at_5.18.31_PM.png](img/5426325099287-64e42cc219.png)

With this new feature, Partners can opt-in to receive in-app or email notifications from their managed client's websites to be notified in real-time in the event of unplanned downtime, and the moment the service is restored.

### Why are real-time notifications important?

**Stay Informed:** Clients are inconvenienced when there is downtime that impacts their business. As a Partner, you can monitor your client's experience and act quickly with an accurate, timely source of information. 

**Build Client Confidence:** Waiting for clients to tell you that their website is down can cause them to lose trust and confidence. Opting into status notifications means you can proactively respond to issues before the public, customers, or clients become aware of them.

### How do real-time notifications work?

*   The client's website is pinged every 30 minutes
*   If the ping is successful, no action is taken
*   If there is an unsuccessful ping, a notification is sent based on your preferred notification settings (in-app and or email) 
*   Notification is sent on a status change only (for example, if a website in-service goes offline suddenly or vice versa for a restored website)
*   Notification is only sent once until another change of state

### How to activate notifications

Notifications can be enabled in three easy steps:

1\. Click on the notifications bell in the Partner Center.

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.08.26_AM.png](img/5426325099287-f619e29a01.png)

2\. Click on the gear icon that takes you to the settings

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.09.55_AM.png](img/5426325099287-f7a1e53ea8.png)

3\. Scroll down to the website section to enable notifications

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.11.16_AM.png](img/5426325099287-3b0f2f28da.png)

Commit message:

Gray-label WordPress Hosting documentation
- Remove all references to Vendasta, Partner Center, partners, resellers, and agencies
- Rewrite partner-focused content to be business-owner focused
- Change 'your clients'/'your customers' to 'you'/'your business' where appropriate
- Update descriptions and instructions to address business owners directly
- Remove partner-specific features and selling tools
- Ensure all visible text follows gray-label guidelines

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/overview/real-time-performance-notifications.md, after:

---
title: "Real-time performance notifications"
sidebar_label: "Performance Notifications"
description: "Stay informed about your website's status with real-time notifications, so you can quickly resolve issues and maintain exceptional performance."
---

Stay informed about your website's status with real-time notifications, so you can quickly resolve issues and maintain exceptional performance.

### What are real-time performance notifications?

Real-time performance notifications provide enhanced visibility into your website's status by sending alerts the moment there is a change in your site's availability.

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-12_at_5.18.31_PM.png](img/5426325099287-64e42cc219.png)

You can opt-in to receive in-app or email notifications to be notified in real-time in the event of unplanned downtime, and the moment the service is restored.

### Why are real-time notifications important?

**Stay Informed:** Downtime impacts your business. Real-time notifications help you monitor your website's status and act quickly with accurate, timely information. 

**Proactive Response:** Instead of waiting to discover that your website is down, notifications allow you to proactively respond to issues before visitors or customers are affected.

### How do real-time notifications work?

*   The client's website is pinged every 30 minutes
*   If the ping is successful, no action is taken
*   If there is an unsuccessful ping, a notification is sent based on your preferred notification settings (in-app and or email) 
*   Notification is sent on a status change only (for example, if a website in-service goes offline suddenly or vice versa for a restored website)
*   Notification is only sent once until another change of state

### How to activate notifications

Notifications can be enabled in three easy steps:

1\. Click on the notifications bell in your dashboard.

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.08.26_AM.png](img/5426325099287-f619e29a01.png)

2\. Click on the gear icon that takes you to the settings

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.09.55_AM.png](img/5426325099287-f7a1e53ea8.png)

3\. Scroll down to the website section to enable notifications

![Screen_Shot_2022-04-13_at_11.11.16_AM.png](img/5426325099287-3b0f2f28da.png)
