docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/index.mdx, before:

---
title: WordPress Dashboard
sidebar_label: WordPress Dashboard Overview
description: "Everything inside WordPress: pages, plugins, themes, and more. Learn how to customize your WordPress site, manage plugins, set up eCommerce, and troubleshoot common issues."
sidebar_position: 1
tags: [wordpress-hosting, wordpress-dashboard, plugins, themes, customization, woocommerce]
keywords: [WordPress dashboard, WordPress plugins, WordPress themes, WooCommerce, Divi Builder, WordPress customization, WordPress troubleshooting]
---

## What is WordPress Dashboard?

The WordPress Dashboard is your central control panel for managing your WordPress site. From here, you can customize your site's appearance, install and configure plugins, manage content, set up eCommerce functionality, and troubleshoot issues. This section covers everything you need to know about working within WordPress itself—from basic customization to advanced features and integrations.

WordPress Hosting Pro provides seamless access to the WordPress Admin Dashboard, allowing you to manage all aspects of your site through a familiar WordPress interface while benefiting from the hosting platform's built-in features and optimizations.

## Why is WordPress Dashboard important?

* **Full Control**: Manage every aspect of your WordPress site from one central location
* **Customization**: Customize themes, pages, and functionality without coding
* **Plugin Management**: Install and configure plugins to extend your site's capabilities
* **eCommerce Setup**: Transform your site into an online store with WooCommerce
* **Content Management**: Create and manage pages, posts, and media
* **Troubleshooting**: Access debugging tools and resolve common WordPress issues
* **User Management**: Control who can access and edit your site

## What's included

### Plugins

- **[Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md)**: Learn which plugins to avoid and why
- **[Divi Builder](plugins/divi-builder/edit-your-site-with-divi-builder.md)**: Visual page builder for customizing your site
- **[Divi Builder Troubleshooting](plugins/divi-builder/troubleshooting.md)**: Resolve common Divi Builder issues
- **[WooCommerce Setup](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md)**: Set up your online store
- **[Web Chat Widget](plugins/web-chat-widget/web-chat-widget-installation-and-troubleshooting.md)**: Install and troubleshoot the web chat widget

### WooCommerce & eCommerce

- **[Set Up Your WooCommerce Store](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md)**: Complete guide to creating an online store
- **[Set Up WooCommerce Payments](plugins/woocommerce/set-up-woocommerce-payments.md)**: Configure payment processing
- **[WooCommerce Order Info in Contact List](plugins/woocommerce/woocommerce-order-info-in-contact-list.md)**: Sync WooCommerce orders with contacts

### Customization & Themes

- **[How to Customize Your WordPress Theme Without Coding](how-to-customize-your-wordpress-theme-without-coding.md)**: Visual customization guide
- **[Understanding Divi Theme vs Plugin](plugins/divi-builder/understanding-divi-theme-vs-plugin.md)**: Learn the difference and when to use each
- **[Using Divi's AI Website Builder](plugins/divi-builder/using-divis-ai-website-builder.md)**: Leverage AI for site building
- **[View Divi Form Submissions](plugins/divi-builder/view-divi-form-submissions.md)**: Manage form submissions
- **[Install/Import an Envato Theme](installimport-an-envato-theme-on-wordpress.md)**: Add premium themes to your site

### Pages & Content

- **[Add a Custom 404 Page](add-a-custom-404-page-in-wordpress.md)**: Create custom error pages
- **[Fixing WordPress 404 Errors on Posts](fixing-wordpress-404-errors-on-posts.md)**: Resolve permalink issues
- **[Guide to Creating 301 Redirects](guide-to-creating-301-redirects-in-wordpress.md)**: Set up permanent redirects
- **[How to Create an FAQ Section](how-to-create-an-faq-section-in-wordpress.md)**: Add FAQ functionality
- **[Password Protect a Page](password-protect-a-page-in-wordpress.md)**: Restrict page access
- **[How to Display Any RSS Feed](how-to-display-any-rss-feed-on-your-wordpress-site.md)**: Add RSS feed functionality

### Integrations & Features

- **[Business Profile and Website Sync](business-profile-and-website-sync.md)**: Sync business information
- **[Contact Syncing with Gravity Forms](contact-syncing-with-gravity-forms.md)**: Automate contact management
- **[Get Started with Elementor AI](get-started-with-elementor-ai.md)**: Use AI-powered features and Elementor's AI tools
- **[Update Phone Number or Email in Site Header](update-the-phone-number-or-email-address-in-your-site-header.md)**: Quick header updates

### Security & Configuration

- **[How to Improve WordPress Security](how-to-improve-wordpress-security.md)**: Best practices for securing your site
- **[How to Configure Gmail SMTP](how-to-configure-gmail-smtp-on-your-wordpress-website.md)**: Set up email delivery
- **[Add Google Tag/AdSense Code](add-google-tagadsense-code-to-wordpress.md)**: Add tracking and ads
- **[Understanding WebP Images](understanding-webp-how-to-use-next-gen-images-in-wordpress.md)**: Optimize images for performance
- **[XML-RPC in WordPress](xml-rpc-in-wordpress.md)**: Understand XML-RPC functionality

### Troubleshooting & Debugging

- **[WordPress Debugging Basics](wordpress-debugging-basics.md)**: Learn debugging fundamentals
- **[Troubleshooting Common WordPress Login Issues](troubleshooting-common-wordpress-login-issues.md)**: Resolve login problems
- **[500 Error When Logging In (Jetpack)](500-error-when-logging-in-to-wordpress-admin-jetpack.md)**: Fix Jetpack-related errors
- **[Reset Your WordPress Website Using a Plugin](reset-your-wordpress-website-using-a-plugin.md)**: Start fresh when needed

### Advanced Features

- **[Cron Jobs on WordPress Hosting](cron-jobs-on-wordpress-hosting.md)**: Schedule automated tasks
- **[Understanding WordPress Multisite Structures](understanding-wordpress-multisite-structures.md)**: Learn about multisite networks
- **[Create New WordPress Users](../wordpress-hosting-overview/create-new-users.md)**: Manage user accounts
- **[Provide WordPress Users with Logins After Import](../wordpress-hosting-overview/existing-users.md)**: Restore user access after migration
- **[Additional Subsites Add-On](additional-subsites-add-on-for-wordpress-hosting-premium.md)**: Add multiple sites to your account
- **[Install NitroPack](install-nitropack-on-wordpress.md)**: Boost site performance

## Key WordPress Dashboard Features

### Plugin Management

WordPress Hosting Pro supports thousands of WordPress plugins, but some plugins conflict with built-in features. Always check the [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) guide before installing new plugins to avoid conflicts with caching, backups, security, and email features.

### Visual Customization

Use Divi Builder or Elementor to customize your site visually without writing code. These page builders provide drag-and-drop interfaces that make it easy to create beautiful, responsive pages.

### eCommerce with WooCommerce

Transform your WordPress site into a fully functional online store with WooCommerce. Set up products, configure payments, manage inventory, and sync orders with your contact management system.

### Built-in Tools

WordPress Hosting Pro includes debugging tools, performance monitoring, and security features that integrate seamlessly with your WordPress dashboard, giving you powerful capabilities without additional plugins.

## How to Get Started

1. **Access Your Dashboard**: Log into WordPress Hosting Pro and click "WordPress Dashboard" to access your WordPress Admin
2. **Explore Plugins**: Browse available plugins, but check compatibility first
3. **Customize Your Theme**: Use Divi Builder or your theme's customization options
4. **Set Up eCommerce**: Install WooCommerce if you want to sell products online
5. **Configure Settings**: Set up email, security, and other site settings
6. **Create Content**: Start building pages and posts for your site

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

<details>
<summary>Can I install any WordPress plugin?</summary>

Most WordPress plugins work with WordPress Hosting Pro, but some plugins conflict with built-in features like caching, backups, and security. Always check the [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) guide before installing plugins that handle caching, backups, login security, or email delivery.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What's the difference between Divi Theme and Divi Builder plugin?</summary>

The Divi Theme is a complete WordPress theme, while Divi Builder is a plugin that works with any theme. See [Understanding Divi Theme vs Plugin](plugins/divi-builder/understanding-divi-theme-vs-plugin.md) for details on when to use each option.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I set up an online store?</summary>

Start with [Set Up Your WooCommerce Store](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md) for step-by-step instructions. You'll need to install WooCommerce, configure products, set up payments, and configure shipping options.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What should I do if my site shows a 404 error?</summary>

404 errors are usually caused by permalink issues. See [Fixing WordPress 404 Errors on Posts](fixing-wordpress-404-errors-on-posts.md) for the quick fix—often just saving your permalink settings resolves the issue.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I customize my site without coding?</summary>

Use Divi Builder or Elementor page builders for visual customization. See [How to Customize Your WordPress Theme Without Coding](how-to-customize-your-wordpress-theme-without-coding.md) for a complete guide.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I use caching plugins?</summary>

No. WordPress Hosting Pro includes server-side caching, so caching plugins are unnecessary and can cause conflicts. See [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) for more information.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I troubleshoot WordPress errors?</summary>

Start with [WordPress Debugging Basics](wordpress-debugging-basics.md) to learn about debugging tools and common issues. For specific login problems, see [Troubleshooting Common WordPress Login Issues](troubleshooting-common-wordpress-login-issues.md).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I sync WooCommerce orders with my contact list?</summary>

Yes. See [WooCommerce Order Info in Contact List](plugins/woocommerce/woocommerce-order-info-in-contact-list.md) to learn how orders automatically sync with your contact management system.

</details>

Commit message:

Consolidate WordPress Dashboard documentation
- Merge 404 errors and 301 redirects into single article
- Merge login troubleshooting articles (common issues + Jetpack 500 errors)
- Merge security articles (general security + XML-RPC)
- Merge content features (FAQ, password protect, RSS feeds)
- Merge business profile sync articles
- Improve formatting and readability across multiple articles
- Add cross-references between related articles
- Update WordPress Hosting index page card order to match sidebar
- Update Docusaurus dependencies to 3.9.2

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/index.mdx, after:

---
title: WordPress Dashboard
sidebar_label: WordPress Dashboard Overview
description: "Everything inside WordPress: pages, plugins, themes, and more. Learn how to customize your WordPress site, manage plugins, set up eCommerce, and troubleshoot common issues."
sidebar_position: 1
tags: [wordpress-hosting, wordpress-dashboard, plugins, themes, customization, woocommerce]
keywords: [WordPress dashboard, WordPress plugins, WordPress themes, WooCommerce, Divi Builder, WordPress customization, WordPress troubleshooting]
---

## What is WordPress Dashboard?

The WordPress Dashboard is your central control panel for managing your WordPress site. From here, you can customize your site's appearance, install and configure plugins, manage content, set up eCommerce functionality, and troubleshoot issues. This section covers everything you need to know about working within WordPress itself—from basic customization to advanced features and integrations.

WordPress Hosting Pro provides seamless access to the WordPress Admin Dashboard, allowing you to manage all aspects of your site through a familiar WordPress interface while benefiting from the hosting platform's built-in features and optimizations.

## Why is WordPress Dashboard important?

* **Full Control**: Manage every aspect of your WordPress site from one central location
* **Customization**: Customize themes, pages, and functionality without coding
* **Plugin Management**: Install and configure plugins to extend your site's capabilities
* **eCommerce Setup**: Transform your site into an online store with WooCommerce
* **Content Management**: Create and manage pages, posts, and media
* **Troubleshooting**: Access debugging tools and resolve common WordPress issues
* **User Management**: Control who can access and edit your site

## What's included

### Plugins

- **[Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md)**: Learn which plugins to avoid and why
- **[Divi Builder](plugins/divi-builder/edit-your-site-with-divi-builder.md)**: Visual page builder for customizing your site
- **[Divi Builder Troubleshooting](plugins/divi-builder/troubleshooting.md)**: Resolve common Divi Builder issues
- **[WooCommerce Setup](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md)**: Set up your online store
- **[Web Chat Widget](plugins/web-chat-widget/web-chat-widget-installation-and-troubleshooting.md)**: Install and troubleshoot the web chat widget

### WooCommerce & eCommerce

- **[Set Up Your WooCommerce Store](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md)**: Complete guide to creating an online store
- **[Set Up WooCommerce Payments](plugins/woocommerce/set-up-woocommerce-payments.md)**: Configure payment processing
- **[WooCommerce Order Info in Contact List](plugins/woocommerce/woocommerce-order-info-in-contact-list.md)**: Sync WooCommerce orders with contacts

### Customization & Themes

- **[How to Customize Your WordPress Theme Without Coding](how-to-customize-your-wordpress-theme-without-coding.md)**: Visual customization guide
- **[Understanding Divi Theme vs Plugin](plugins/divi-builder/understanding-divi-theme-vs-plugin.md)**: Learn the difference and when to use each
- **[Using Divi's AI Website Builder](plugins/divi-builder/using-divis-ai-website-builder.md)**: Leverage AI for site building
- **[View Divi Form Submissions](plugins/divi-builder/view-divi-form-submissions.md)**: Manage form submissions
- **[Install/Import an Envato Theme](installimport-an-envato-theme-on-wordpress.md)**: Add premium themes to your site

### Pages & Content

- **[Managing 404 Errors and Redirects](fixing-wordpress-404-errors-on-posts.md)**: Troubleshoot 404 errors, create custom 404 pages, and set up 301 redirects
- **[Common WordPress Content Features](common-wordpress-content-features.md)**: Add FAQ sections, password-protected pages, and RSS feeds

### Integrations & Features

- **[Business Profile and Website Sync](business-profile-and-website-sync.md)**: Sync business information and update header contact details
- **[Contact Syncing with Gravity Forms](contact-syncing-with-gravity-forms.md)**: Automate contact management
- **[Get Started with Elementor AI](get-started-with-elementor-ai.md)**: Use AI-powered features and Elementor's AI tools

### Security & Configuration

- **[WordPress Security Guide](wordpress-security-guide.md)**: Best practices for securing your site and understanding XML-RPC
- **[How to Configure Gmail SMTP](how-to-configure-gmail-smtp-on-your-wordpress-website.md)**: Set up email delivery
- **[Add Google Tag/AdSense Code](add-google-tagadsense-code-to-wordpress.md)**: Add tracking and ads
- **[Understanding WebP Images](understanding-webp-how-to-use-next-gen-images-in-wordpress.md)**: Optimize images for performance

### Troubleshooting & Debugging

- **[WordPress Debugging Basics](wordpress-debugging-basics.md)**: Learn debugging fundamentals
- **[Troubleshooting WordPress Login Issues](troubleshooting-wordpress-login-issues.md)**: Resolve login problems including Jetpack-related errors
- **[Reset Your WordPress Website Using a Plugin](reset-your-wordpress-website-using-a-plugin.md)**: Start fresh when needed

### Advanced Features

- **[Cron Jobs on WordPress Hosting](cron-jobs-on-wordpress-hosting.md)**: Schedule automated tasks
- **[Understanding WordPress Multisite Structures](understanding-wordpress-multisite-structures.md)**: Learn about multisite networks
- **[Create New WordPress Users](../wordpress-hosting-overview/create-new-users.md)**: Manage user accounts
- **[Provide WordPress Users with Logins After Import](../wordpress-hosting-overview/existing-users.md)**: Restore user access after migration
- **[Additional Subsites Add-On](additional-subsites-add-on-for-wordpress-hosting-premium.md)**: Add multiple sites to your account
- **[Install NitroPack](install-nitropack-on-wordpress.md)**: Boost site performance

## Key WordPress Dashboard Features

### Plugin Management

WordPress Hosting Pro supports thousands of WordPress plugins, but some plugins conflict with built-in features. Always check the [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) guide before installing new plugins to avoid conflicts with caching, backups, security, and email features.

### Visual Customization

Use Divi Builder or Elementor to customize your site visually without writing code. These page builders provide drag-and-drop interfaces that make it easy to create beautiful, responsive pages.

### eCommerce with WooCommerce

Transform your WordPress site into a fully functional online store with WooCommerce. Set up products, configure payments, manage inventory, and sync orders with your contact management system.

### Built-in Tools

WordPress Hosting Pro includes debugging tools, performance monitoring, and security features that integrate seamlessly with your WordPress dashboard, giving you powerful capabilities without additional plugins.

## How to Get Started

1. **Access Your Dashboard**: Log into WordPress Hosting Pro and click "WordPress Dashboard" to access your WordPress Admin
2. **Explore Plugins**: Browse available plugins, but check compatibility first
3. **Customize Your Theme**: Use Divi Builder or your theme's customization options
4. **Set Up eCommerce**: Install WooCommerce if you want to sell products online
5. **Configure Settings**: Set up email, security, and other site settings
6. **Create Content**: Start building pages and posts for your site

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

<details>
<summary>Can I install any WordPress plugin?</summary>

Most WordPress plugins work with WordPress Hosting Pro, but some plugins conflict with built-in features like caching, backups, and security. Always check the [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) guide before installing plugins that handle caching, backups, login security, or email delivery.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What's the difference between Divi Theme and Divi Builder plugin?</summary>

The Divi Theme is a complete WordPress theme, while Divi Builder is a plugin that works with any theme. See [Understanding Divi Theme vs Plugin](plugins/divi-builder/understanding-divi-theme-vs-plugin.md) for details on when to use each option.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I set up an online store?</summary>

Start with [Set Up Your WooCommerce Store](plugins/woocommerce/setup-your-woocommerce-store.md) for step-by-step instructions. You'll need to install WooCommerce, configure products, set up payments, and configure shipping options.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What should I do if my site shows a 404 error?</summary>

404 errors are usually caused by permalink issues. See [Managing 404 Errors and Redirects](fixing-wordpress-404-errors-on-posts.md) for troubleshooting steps and solutions—often just saving your permalink settings resolves the issue.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I customize my site without coding?</summary>

Use Divi Builder or Elementor page builders for visual customization. See [How to Customize Your WordPress Theme Without Coding](how-to-customize-your-wordpress-theme-without-coding.md) for a complete guide.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I use caching plugins?</summary>

No. WordPress Hosting Pro includes server-side caching, so caching plugins are unnecessary and can cause conflicts. See [Blacklisted and Redundant Plugins](plugins/blacklisted-and-redundant.md) for more information.

</details>

<details>
<summary>How do I troubleshoot WordPress errors?</summary>

Start with [WordPress Debugging Basics](wordpress-debugging-basics.md) to learn about debugging tools and common issues. For specific login problems, see [Troubleshooting WordPress Login Issues](troubleshooting-wordpress-login-issues.md).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I sync WooCommerce orders with my contact list?</summary>

Yes. See [WooCommerce Order Info in Contact List](plugins/woocommerce/woocommerce-order-info-in-contact-list.md) to learn how orders automatically sync with your contact management system.

</details>
