docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/installimport-an-envato-theme-on-wordpress.md, before:

---
title: "Install/Import an Envato Theme on WordPress"
sidebar_label: "Install Envato Theme"
description: "How to download your theme \n \n  All your items are available for you to download via your download page.  \n \n  On the Envato Elements home page, hover over the"
---

### How to download your theme

All your items are available for you to download via your download page.

1.  On the Envato Elements home page, hover over the main menu
2.  Select [My](https://elements.envato.com/account/downloads) [Downloads](https://elements.envato.com/account/downloads)
3.  Select the item you want to download
4.  Click ‘Download’
5.  Choose whether to license the item for [Project Use or Trial Use](https://help.elements.envato.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000629226--Trial-Use-versus-Project-Use-licenses). If you're downloading the item again for a project that you've already registered (as you lost the download), simply choose 'Trial Use' to obtain the download again. You can also [relicense](https://help.elements.envato.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000621763-Relicense-Items) an item.
6.  Your download will now begin

Your download contains **all files and documentation**, you will need to extract the files provided in the zip file to locate the **installable WordPress file.**

Check your downloads folder, you should see something similar to the example below.

<!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-51d7fd33e6 -->

Now that you’ve downloaded the zip file, you will need to extract the files from the zip folder in order to locate the installable WordPress zip file.

<!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-9f606ed886 -->

Make sure you select the zip file which has the title of the theme you’ve purchased. You can find this file by searching for the file which has your theme name and the zip extension. For e.g. we’ve downloaded the ‘Krobs - Personal Onepage Responsive WordPress’ theme, so the file is titled krobs.zip’ (themename.zip).

### **How to install your WordPress theme**

We’re almost there! It’s time to install your theme on your WordPress site.

Once you’ve logged into the administration area of your WordPress site, you’ll need to navigate to the theme menu by:

1.  Selecting ‘Appearance’ on the left pane.
2.  Select ‘Themes’.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-dd20a60460 -->
    
3.  Select ‘Add New’.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-1aa779186c -->
    
4.  Select ‘Upload themes’.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-21cc2eac78 -->
    
5.  Select  ‘Choose file’.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-029c0586d1 -->
    
6.  Navigate to your downloaded file and select it, then select ‘Open’.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-5a87a887d2 -->
    
7.  Once the upload has been completed, you will be presented with an ‘Install Now' option. Proceed to install now.
    
    <!-- image removed: ./img/33001921905815-b309b62692 -->
    
8.  Once the installation has been completed, you will be presented with a successful message. You can also activate the theme by selecting ‘Activate’.

And that’s it! You have now installed your WordPress theme. You can now explore the theme’s settings and begin to create your very own website.

### **How to upload your theme via FTP**

Some hosting environments allow you to upload your theme via FTP or a user interface. You will need to upload your theme and extract the contents in the folder /wp-content/themes/. Check out the [guide](https://codex.wordpress.org/Using_Themes#Adding_New_Themes) on WordPress.org for more information.

Commit message:

Update WordPress dashboard documentation articles

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/installimport-an-envato-theme-on-wordpress.md, after:

---
title: "Install/Import an Envato Theme on WordPress"
sidebar_label: "Install Envato Theme"
description: "Learn how to download and install Envato themes on your WordPress site, including extracting files and uploading via the WordPress dashboard."
---

### How to download your theme

All your items are available for you to download via your download page.
1.  On the Envato Elements home page, hover over the main menu
2.  Select [My](https://elements.envato.com/account/downloads) [Downloads](https://elements.envato.com/account/downloads)
3.  Select the item you want to download
4.  Click ‘Download’
5.  Choose whether to license the item for [Project Use or Trial Use](https://help.elements.envato.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000629226--Trial-Use-versus-Project-Use-licenses). If you're downloading the item again for a project that you've already registered (as you lost the download), simply choose 'Trial Use' to obtain the download again. You can also [relicense](https://help.elements.envato.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000621763-Relicense-Items) an item.
6.  Your download will now begin

Your download contains **all files and documentation**, you will need to extract the files provided in the zip file to locate the **installable WordPress file.**


Now that you’ve downloaded the zip file, you will need to extract the files from the zip folder in order to locate the installable WordPress zip file.

Make sure you select the zip file which has the title of the theme you’ve purchased. You can find this file by searching for the file which has your theme name and the zip extension. For e.g. we’ve downloaded the ‘Krobs - Personal Onepage Responsive WordPress’ theme, so the file is titled krobs.zip’ (themename.zip).

### How to install your WordPress theme

We’re almost there! It’s time to install your theme on your WordPress site.

Once you’ve logged into the administration area of your WordPress site, you’ll need to navigate to the theme menu by:
1.  Selecting ‘Appearance’ on the left pane.
2.  Select ‘Themes’.
3.  Select ‘Add New’.
4.  Select ‘Upload themes’.
5.  Select  ‘Choose file’.
6.  Navigate to your downloaded file and select it, then select ‘Open’.
7.  Once the upload has been completed, you will be presented with an ‘Install Now' option. Proceed to install now.
8.  Once the installation has been completed, you will be presented with a successful message. You can also activate the theme by selecting ‘Activate’.

And that’s it! You have now installed your WordPress theme. You can now explore the theme’s settings and begin to create your very own website.

### How to upload your theme via FTP

Some hosting environments allow you to upload your theme via FTP or a user interface. You will need to upload your theme and extract the contents in the folder /wp-content/themes/. Check out the [guide](https://codex.wordpress.org/Using_Themes#Adding_New_Themes) on WordPress.org for more information.
