docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/understanding-webp-how-to-use-next-gen-images-in-wordpress.md, before:

---
title: "Understanding WebP: How to Use Next-Gen Images in WordPress"
sidebar_label: "WebP Images"
description: "WebP is a next-gen image format developed by Google that offers  superior compression and quality  compared to traditional formats like JPEG and PNG. Using Web"
---

WebP is a next-gen image format developed by Google that offers **superior compression and quality** compared to traditional formats like JPEG and PNG. Using WebP in WordPress helps improve website speed and performance, leading to **better SEO and user experience**.

### 1\. Why Use WebP in WordPress?

*   **Smaller File Sizes** – WebP images are up to **30-50% smaller** than JPEG and PNG.
*   **Faster Page Load Speed** – Smaller images reduce page load time, improving **Core Web Vitals**.
*   **Improved SEO** – Google prefers fast-loading websites, so WebP helps boost search rankings.
*   **Transparency & Animation Support** – Like PNG and GIF, WebP supports **transparency and animations**.

### 2\. How to Enable WebP in WordPress

**Use a WebP Conversion Plugin**

If your theme or browser doesn’t support WebP natively, use a plugin to **convert images to WebP**:

**Recommended Plugins:**

*   **WebP Express** (free)
*   **EWWW Image Optimizer**
*   **Imagify**
*   **ShortPixel**

**How to Use a WebP Plugin:**

1.  Install & activate a plugin (e.g., **WebP Express**).
2.  Enable automatic conversion for new and existing images.
    
3.  **Set up fallback images for unsupported browsers.**
    

### 3\. Testing WebP Compatibility

After enabling WebP, check if your images are loading in the correct format:

1.  Right-click an image > **Inspect** (in Chrome).
2.  Look for **.webp** in the image URL.
3.  If WebP isn’t loading, clear your cache and test again.

Using WebP in WordPress is a **simple but powerful way** to enhance website speed, improve SEO, and optimize user experience. Whether you use **WordPress’s built-in support, plugins, or a CDN**, WebP is a must-have for modern websites!

Commit message:

Consolidate WordPress Dashboard documentation
- Merge 404 errors and 301 redirects into single article
- Merge login troubleshooting articles (common issues + Jetpack 500 errors)
- Merge security articles (general security + XML-RPC)
- Merge content features (FAQ, password protect, RSS feeds)
- Merge business profile sync articles
- Improve formatting and readability across multiple articles
- Add cross-references between related articles
- Update WordPress Hosting index page card order to match sidebar
- Update Docusaurus dependencies to 3.9.2

docusaurus/docs/wordpress-hosting/wordpress-dashboard/understanding-webp-how-to-use-next-gen-images-in-wordpress.md, after:

---
title: "Understanding WebP: How to Use Next-Gen Images in WordPress"
sidebar_label: "WebP Images"
description: "WebP is a next-gen image format developed by Google that offers superior compression and quality compared to traditional formats like JPEG and PNG. Using WebP helps improve website speed and performance."
---

WebP is a next-gen image format developed by Google that offers **superior compression and quality** compared to traditional formats like JPEG and PNG. Using WebP in WordPress helps improve website speed and performance, leading to **better SEO and user experience**.

## Why Use WebP in WordPress?

*   **Smaller File Sizes** – WebP images are up to **30-50% smaller** than JPEG and PNG.
*   **Faster Page Load Speed** – Smaller images reduce page load time, improving **Core Web Vitals**.
*   **Improved SEO** – Google prefers fast-loading websites, so WebP helps boost search rankings.
*   **Transparency & Animation Support** – Like PNG and GIF, WebP supports **transparency and animations**.

## How to Enable WebP in WordPress

**Use a WebP Conversion Plugin**

If your theme or browser doesn't support WebP natively, use a plugin to **convert images to WebP**:

**Recommended Plugins:**

*   **WebP Express** (free)
*   **EWWW Image Optimizer**
*   **Imagify**
*   **ShortPixel**

**How to Use a WebP Plugin:**

1.  Install & activate a plugin (e.g., **WebP Express**).
2.  Enable automatic conversion for new and existing images.
3.  **Set up fallback images for unsupported browsers.**

## Testing WebP Compatibility

After enabling WebP, check if your images are loading in the correct format:

1.  Right-click an image > **Inspect** (in Chrome).
2.  Look for **.webp** in the image URL.
3.  If WebP isn't loading, clear your cache and test again.

Using WebP in WordPress is a **simple but powerful way** to enhance website speed, improve SEO, and optimize user experience. Whether you use **WordPress's built-in support, plugins, or a CDN**, WebP is a must-have for modern websites!

## Related Articles

For additional performance optimization, see [Install NitroPack on WordPress](install-nitropack-on-wordpress.md) to boost your site's speed and performance.
